While creating a new unit, if asking for features to be filled out but no description is given
    the possible additional entries to lists are then [''].
    - fixed by setting the default for the description to the name of the unit

When trying to create a unit that already exists an error is raised (good).
    Also all values get put into lists. - fixed with cleanup_form_data funnction - kind of messy.
    The error is raised to late. If an undefined unit is referenced this unit already gets created before the error is thrown.

The fill out features currently also changes the name. I don't like that. Ain't that bad either.

The proper solution for blueprints/main.py is to use Flask WTForms. For now it works how it is even though it's messy.

M Feedback
    Text fields (even for short texts) should scale properly like textarea. - solved
    Prettify display of units - xx
    Worth of item given by chatgpt to 7500.0 was displayed as such. Was handled nicely. - xx
    Gender for characters - xx

    Liste dessen was noch fehlt - done
    Places - Upcoming events does not have a dropdown. Why? - xx

    When editing a unit empty _new fields have [] as default. Terrible. - solved, though it isn't clean. - solved
    Download as pdf - server error - not when run locally - folder pdf_files was missing on server - solved
    assigning custom labels - server error - some stupid coding error - fixed (database_handler.py and main.py) - fixed


Place hat irgendwie nicht alle checkboxen.

Generell müssen alle Unit features einmal mit Milan gecheckt werden.

Ersetze 4o durch o1

X Feedback
    Wichtig:
        Animation während Website lädt.

    Wär ganz nett:
        Mehr Erklärungen überall - z. B. kleine Fragezeichen über die man hovern kann die dann kleine Erklärungen bieten.

Wenn man eine Unit hinzufügt werden deren referenced units nicht sauber übernommen.


Ladezeiten optimieren
    Website Stückweise streamen

The created pdf files need to be deleted automatically after getting sent to user or they will take up all space eventually.

Include default values for first three story fields. //

TODO:
    Story Creator vs Talevortex //
    Animation machen während Website lädt //
    Unit add - references takeover //
    delete pdfs //

